Hi! Welcome to your favorite show Aha Emi Ruchi
We are going to learn today how to cook Guntur famous
Gongura Talimpu Dish
Ingredients required for Gongura Talimpu
Sorrel Leaves, Onions, Garlic, Black Gram, Cumin Seeds, Mustard Seeds,
Raw Bengal Gram, Green Chillies, Salt, Masala Karam & Oil
First heat some oil in pan
Its a dish served with rice
Add some mustard seeds into the pan
We can cook pickle as well as curry from sorrel leaves
Add some black gram seeds and cumin seeds in to the pan & fry them for a while
Add one spoon of raw bengal gram into the pan
Now add some sliced onions into the pan
Add 15 peeled garlic cloves into the pan
Add some sliced green chillies into the pan & let them fry for a while
Let the onions fry until they are golden brown in colour
Now add some cleaned and chopped sorrel leaves into the pan
& mix them well
Let it cook for a while until the leaves are cooked well
Sorrel leaves must be cleaned and dried for one day before cooking
so that they can easily be cooked
Add some salt and red chilli powder masala into the pan & mix well
To make red chiili powder masala, ground some cumin seeds,
garlic, coriander seeds, salt, and red chilli powder
Now take the Gongura Talimpu into a serving bowl